this is not a normal shirt this teeth
could make you money
yes wants to challenge empowering us to
be our own boss now you can make cold
hard cash with our own social media
skills I am NOT sponsored I bought this
to you from yay I made this video from
the yeay app I shared this video to all
of my social media followers now they
can join the challenge too
every time I sell it to you from my
video I make $10 yeh handles all the not
fun stuff like payment manufacturing and
shipping so all you have to do is focus
on being a sales star who doesn't need a
little extra cash if you sell 10 shirts
you make $100 if you can sell 100 shirts
you make $1000 download the yay app and
become not sponsored will send this
shirt straight over now you can make
your own ad make it short fun and you
because shares turn into sales and for
every shirt you sell you get $10 on yay
[Music]